fix: devworkspace operator metrics docs (#2276)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/proc_viewing-dev-workspace-operator-metrics-on-grafana-dashboards.adoc

= Viewing {devworkspace} operator metrics on Grafana dashboards

This section describes how to view {devworkspace} operator metrics on Grafana with the example dashboard.

> Grafana version 7.x.x is required to support all panels in the example dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana version 7 is required to support all panels in the example dashboard.
```

Reviewer: or (depending which is correct):
```suggestion
Grafana version 7 or later is required to support all panels in the example dashboard.
```
